README.md, before:

coppellstereo
=============

#coppellstereo
---
##This is a new project
---
###A Wilke Brothers Collaboration
---
`git is confusing`
---
####This is me making changes to this document
---
`this is outlined like a button`
---
there is a line above this
---
##this is a headline
>Looks like this is a blockquote

http://www.coppellstereo.com




----
## what is Markdown?
see [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown)

> Markdown is a lightweight markup language, originally created by John Gruber and Aaron Swartz allowing people "to write using an easy-to-read, easy-to-write plain text format, then convert it to structurally valid XHTML (or HTML)".

----
## usage
1. Write markdown text in this textarea.
2. Click 'HTML Preview' button.

----
## markdown quick reference
# headers

*emphasis*

**strong**

* list

>block quote

    code (4 spaces indent)
[links](http://wikipedia.org)

----
## changelog
* 17-Feb-2013 re-design

----
## thanks
* [markdown-js](https://github.com/evilstreak/markdown-js)

Commit message:

Adds Compass and updates Readme

README.md, after:

##Setup
This project now uses SCSS via [Compass](http://compass-style.org).
To get started you will need to:
* Make sure you have [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/installation/) installed
* Set up the Ruby environtment: `gem update --system` and `gem install compass`
* Install Compass `gem install compass`

##Running Compass
* Navigate tot he project folder and run `compass watch`
* Edit CSS vis SCSS within `sass` folder
* When you save, the Compass Watcher will see the changes and compile the CSS for you


----
## what is Markdown?
see [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown)

> Markdown is a lightweight markup language, originally created by John Gruber and Aaron Swartz allowing people "to write using an easy-to-read, easy-to-write plain text format, then convert it to structurally valid XHTML (or HTML)".

----
## usage
1. Write markdown text in this textarea.
2. Click 'HTML Preview' button.

----
## markdown quick reference
# headers

*emphasis*

**strong**

* list

>block quote

    code (4 spaces indent)
[links](http://wikipedia.org)

----
## changelog
* 17-Feb-2013 re-design

----
## thanks
* [markdown-js](https://github.com/evilstreak/markdown-js)
